Mention that GitHub account has to be added to NHSDigital org (#76)
NHSDigital/prevention-services-design-history: app/guide/how-to-publish.md

If you need any help with this, ask on the Slack channel – [#dpsp-prof-ucd](https://nhsdigitalcorporate.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C06DGMH1XUN).

> To contribute you will need a free GitHub account, and for your account to be added to [NHS Digital on GitHub](http://github.com/NHSDigital/) and this project.

Reviewer: ## How to contribute

You need three things to contribute:
1. Create a [GitHub account](https://github.com/)
2. Join NHS Digital on GitHub – follow these [instructions to add your account to NHS Digital](https://nhs.sharepoint.com/sites/X26_EngineeringCOE/SitePages/GitHub-User---how-to-request-access.aspx)
3. Get contributor access – ask an existing team member to add you

> 

Reviewer: Is it worth linking to the guidance?
https://nhs.sharepoint.com/sites/X26_EngineeringCOE/SitePages/GitHub-User---how-to-request-access.aspx

> Once this is done, these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to publish a branch
```

Author: Nice - done.

> If you need any help with this, ask on the Slack channel – [#dpsp-prof-ucd](https://nhsdigitalcorporate.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C06DGMH1XUN).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need any help with this, ask on the Slack channel – [#dpsp-design-histories](https://nhsdigitalcorporate.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C08JN2TJH2P).
```

Reviewer: updated to the new Slack channel
